>> Shirley Wu: But
spikes aren't as much my thing.
So [LAUGH] I like things
a little bit smoother.
So what I wanna show you
right now is a D3 area.
In fact, a lot of these shapes have this
thing called curves where you can specify.
So each of these are the points and
then we'll draw the line between them, but
how much of a curve do you want?
And I think the one that I
tend to like is this one.
I'll be honest, I don't really know
what each of these curves mean.
They have very interesting names that I
think are probably really meaningful, but
I don't really know why
they're meaningful.
But I'm going to use curved catmull ROM,
cuz I find that they make nice curves for
me.
And so go back to that area
generator where we specify the x,
y1, y0 and then pass in this curve.
D3.curveCatmullRom and
then you'll see that
it makes really nice non-spiky curves,
and that's it.
That's all it took to draw the curves and
you'll notice we're missing one last
thing, which is the right colors.
>> Shirley Wu: So that would be the fill.
And for each of them, we're going
to view using the color scale and
passing in the genre.
And then you might have guessed
by now that if you do that,
there's going to be a lot of overlap and
you might not
be able to tell the difference between
some of the movies that overlap.
So for now,
I'm just gonna give it a white stroke,
so that we can tell them apart and
there we go.
We got the curves and
is it fair to say that it was actually
pretty easy to get the curves for
each of the months?
I'm glad.
And so this is another example
of the area generator wasn't,
the examples that
the documentation give you for
the area generator definitely
doesn't look like this.
And it took a little bit more munging
of the data, like it took a little
bit of massaging of the data to create
a little bit of fake data to get to this.
But I want to show you,
this is another way that you can kinda
take what's given and be creative with it.
So yeah, so this is the curves.
The one for the each movie.